Stage_1a,Stage_1b,Stage_2,Stage_3,Stage_4
"1a1. Doubtfulness about the credibility of the Bible as the source of wisdom and instruction
 ","1b1. Doubts about power of the sacrifice of Jesus and his blood
","2.1  Struggle to let Go of the old wine skin
2.1a Love for Money, Love for Self, Love for pleasure

 ","3a1. Lack of clarity of own unique design
","4a1. Inability to allocate time for the purposes of Kingdom work
 4b2. Difficulty in being focused on the identified giftings"
" 1a2. Doubts about Jesus being the only way
"," 1b2. Doubts about the reality of the Kingdom of God and the Kingdom of Darkness
"," 2.2  Struggle to being transparent about one-self
2.2a Lack of understanding of the Fear of the Lord"," 3a2. Lack of understanding about the need for having a vision
","4b1. Unwillingness to make mistakes under supervision
 4b2. Resistance in taking feedback or corrections"
" 1a3. Doubts about the solutions provided by Jesus for fruitful and abundant living.
"," 1b3. Doubts about the necessity to sail in one boat
"," 2.3  Struggle to allow others to show the mirror of God's word to ourselves
"," 3a3. Lack of zeal to pursue God with everything
","4c1. Lack of confidence to operate in the giftings alone
 4c2. Lack of willingness to update about the persons being discipled"
" 1a4. Lack of experience of an encounter with God, at least through visions or dreams or  prophetic words"," 1b4. Resistance towards leaving the old wine and setting out for new wine
"," 2.4  Struggle to trust other with their lives decisions or taking Godly counsel & feedback.
"," 3a4. Inability to see the trap of the ""thorny heart"" - 
  a) Cares of the world 
   b) Deceitfulness of Riches 
  c) Pride of Life
","4d1. Unwillingness of the discipler to release the person
 4d2. Lack of a heart of gratefulness towards disciplers
 4d3. Lack of understanding about honouring the disciplers and those who have invested in them"
, 1b5. Unawareness of the need for deliverance in areas of stronghold, 2.5 Unawareness of the importance of prioritisation for keeping Kingdom of God FIRST., 3a5. Lack of understanding for need for deliverance from strongholds,
,,,"3b1. Unwillingness to allow God to prepare oneself towards the vision God has for the person
",
,,," 3b2. Inability to trust God that - He is in control of every situation and person around us
",
,,," 3b3. Unawareness of the gifts of the Holy Spirit and the need to operate in them regularly
",
,,, 3b4. Struggle to submit to the vision God has purposed for the person,